the Kingdom of Bahrain home to
motorsports in the Middle East thriving
economic hub for business and communists
in the region home also to eke a car new
group of companies with over 60 years
experience representing brands such as
Toyota Alexis ek Kanu has built up an
unrivaled reputation for quality and
attention to detail ek Kanu also has
impressive investment in facilities such
as Toyota Plaza one of the largest
service centres of its kind anywhere in
the world with over 1,000 service bays
hundreds of thousands of parts in stock
and a customer waiting area where
customers enjoy a freshly made coffee
whilst watching their car being serviced
you could be forgiven to think that size
was everything however ek Kanu believes
that it's the people and the techniques
that matter more so than the sheer size
of the operation and continues to
significantly invest in the specialist
training of its staff required to
maintain the highest of standards in an
ever increasingly competitive market
further investment in the latest tools
has seen the introduction of many firsts
for the kingdom of bahrain and a further
emphasize the company's desire to remain
at a pinnacle of sales and service
my name is Abdul Allah brush it and I am
the operations manager here and they do
at a Plaza this photo shop has been
designed by us initially we put all
these standards of theater in this
workshop we have a real system where we
can just push side by side all vehicles
towards the bait technician has to push
the car forward to the second process
where we have to apply party prime
masking painting then until we reach to
the final stage where we can polish the
car in other conventional workshop it
takes like 72 hours to allow you to
polish the paint but here in 30 minutes
we can go ahead with the polish we can
go ahead with the fixing of the ports ek
kana has had a very long association
with Toyota dating way back to the 60s
but obviously the world has changed
enormously in that period and so as ek
Kearney the long-term investment
strategy of the senior managers
investing in facilities like Plaza and
our new body and paint shop over at Eric
has really kept us ahead of the game in
Bahrain in around the multi-story car
park has a car elevator that takes the
vehicle through the various stages of
body repair from panel preparation then
on to painting and polishing well Kaizen
is really at the heart of everything we
do continuous improvement is ongoing
through every single area of the
department for example in three or four
years ago we were at the bronze level
award from the customer satisfaction
then we moved to silver and the last two
years we've achieved the gold standard
so
another three years to go and then we'll
be rich in platinum my name is Samuel
the planning and if you can manage for
more than 17 years now have been a team
see Japan the important things actually
I have done Japan trying to solve the
problem together as a team
we just don't want the customer just to
buy the car from us into sleep it's more
than that it's a relationship making a
top management believes and ultimately
the best product and the best customer
service our mission is to satisfy his
customers whilst plaza can be called the
jewel in the crown it's by far not the
only impressive facility the company has
EK Kanu has sought to give its customers
the best possible service in the most
convenience of locations the company's
Lexus showroom could rival the best
business class lounge through its luxury
appointment and with every model and
display it also has a dedicated elevator
to the new car delivery room where
customers can cherish the special moment
they collect their new car
Toyota customers to enjoy an exclusive
experience with a new car center
dedicated to them both Toyota and Lexus
showrooms boasts the very latest models
their colors the various trim levels and
the vehicles features and benefits the
EK car new name has been synonymous with
trading for over a hundred years
investment in facilities like plaza and
its staff that work there mean the
future is in safe hands for the next
hundred years
you